Update ADR 0006 (#18)
wawrzynek-eq/arch-kata: ADR/ADR 0006 - AI Response Evaluation Process.md

## Decision

AI responses will be evaluated by comparing them with human review results.

## Technique Description

> To be able to measure and improve the accuracy of our system, we will store the statistics of AI responses (question, prompt, answer) as well as human review results. In that way, we can compare if the AI suggested grade matches the grade given by a human.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to measure and improve the accuracy of our system, we will store the statistics of AI responses (question, prompt, answer) as well as human review results. This way, we can verify if the AI suggested grade matches the grade given by a human.
```
